[bright cheery music]
- Christmas time.
Oh, the snow, the trees,
the little snowman made by
the neighbors down the street.
That's magic.
When snow falls and
creates a whole new world
on top of the world,
we see every day
a beautiful ice-capped
view of beauty.
I'm Holly, and this is
the home I grew up in.
Seems like some of
my greatest memories
are from around Christmas time.
Growing up, Christmas was always
our favorite time of the year.
I mean, my dad's name is Nick,
my mom's name is Joy, and
of course you already know
they named me Holly.
That's why I love us.
And I love Christmas.
I truly believe this
holiday was created
just for us to
spend time together.
And what would Christmas
be without Aunt Rhonda
and my mom's brother, Uncle Joe?
Uncle Joe and Dad would
always get together
and serenade the family
every Christmas at midnight.
The two of them
were just bubbling
with Christmas spirit
when they got together.
One thing my mom
always said about me
was that I was the
perfect matchmaker.
It all started when
my mom's brother Joe
met her childhood best
friend Rhonda one Christmas.
When I saw them together,
something clicked,
and I knew that they were
meant to be together.
Well, just as I
predicted, Uncle Joe
and Aunt Rhonda got married.
And from that point on,
we were inseparable.
Uncle Joe would always talk
about the importance of family
and being together at Christmas
and how we needed each other.
One by one, we would stand in
front of the Christmas tree,
and each person
would tell a story
about our one special ornament
we were placing on it that
year and what it meant to us.
Dad would gather us around
after the grandfather
clock struck
and then begin singing
Christmas carols.
That was true Christmas magic.
[cheery upbeat music]
This Christmas, we are
taking the Holli-Date app
to a whole new level.
By now, I'm pretty sure
you've heard of our number one
matchmaking abilities,
but now we've expanded.
In our new update, you
have different options.
You can sign up to find
your match made in heaven.
Or if you're one of those
people who's not quite ready
to commit and you're just
looking for a partner
for the annual Christmas party,
you can book a holiday date
from one of our
eligible singles.
The matchmaking
possibilities are endless!
- Girl, that was amazing.
- You think so?
- They are gonna eat this up.
This rollout is gonna be the
best thing in the new year.
- Ah, and there is so much
planned for the top of the year.
- You've worked
so hard for this.
- And this is only
the beginning.
- [Dianna] I know. [squeals]
- Okay, do we have anything
else planned for today?
- No, we are in the clear.
What are you doing tonight?
- Uh, probably just
gonna walk around,
take a few pictures,
and then head home.
- Oh, no holiday plans?
- Just gonna curl up on
the couch. [chuckles]
What about you?
- Oh, I'm flying out
tonight to go home.
- Oh, yeah, that's right.
- Yeah.
- How exciting.
- Okay, well you have
a very merry Christmas.
- I will, but let me know
if you need anything, okay?
- I will.
- When are you gonna
get back out there?
- Uh, what do you mean?
- Come on. You know what I mean.
You spend all this time
matchmaking everyone else.
When are you gonna
start matching yourself?
- [laughs] You sound
just like my mother.
Every conversation
we have, she asks,
"When are you gonna
find someone?"
- And?
- And I tell her,
I'm just not looking.
- Mm. Why not?
- It's easier.
- What is?
- Matching other people.
You know the saying, those who
can do, and those who can't-
- Those who can't, not
those who don't try.
- All right, all
right. Get outta here.
Go. Go, go, go, go, go
before you miss your flight.
- Okay. Have a merry Christmas.
[Holly sighs]
[cell phone buzzing]
- Uh, did you just send
me to voicemail again?
- I'm busy.
- No, you aren't. I
was just watching you.
- First of all,
John, that's creepy.
Second of all, I'm
off for the day
and I don't wanna talk
about work anymore.
- But this is important, Holly.
- Well, you're my IT.
Whatever it is, I'm pretty
sure you can figure it out.
- Well, I'm not only your IT.
I bought stocks in
the company, remember?
So currently I am your
second-largest shareholder.
So your success is my success.
- Oh, Lord, please
remind me to buy you out.
- Actually, that's
what I've been meaning
to talk to you about.
I was thinking,
you bring me in as a partner.
You know, being as though I
built the app and everything.
- It's managed by
early innovation,
so why would I bring
you in as a partner?
- Because I actually
have your back, Holly.
You see, I found this
new glitch in the update
that could really put
your users at risk of-
- John, it's Christmas Eve.
Let's talk about this
after the holidays.
- Talk about what?
Our partnership or you
delaying the launch of the app?
- Both.
- So wait, you are actually
considering making me a partner?
- No.
- Then why would you say that?
- I'm just trying to
get you to leave, John.
- You know, Holly,
[sighs] here I am on my
day off trying to help you
and your company, but you're
too busy trying to find love
for everyone else
and matchmaking
that you don't take the
time to fix your own issues.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- Nothing.
We'll just put this
off till later,
'cause that seems like that's
what you do with everything
that doesn't pertain to your
perfect dream world narrative.
- [chuckles] Well,
my dream narrative
is working out just
fine, thank you.
I help millions of
people find happiness.
- Mm-hmm.
- So if you don't mind,
I'll be on my way. [chuckles]
- [John] Holly.
- And who just
pops up on someone
after they decline your call?
- Someone who doesn't wanna
lose their entire stock holding
because of a major
glitch found in an update
that comes out this Christmas.
So I just came over
here to show you
before it went
out to the public.
[phone chimes]
- [gasps] Oh, a comment.
"Hi, Holly, your Holli-Date
app has helped me find
the perfect guy for-"
- Really?
- "Christmas."
Really what?
- I give you the phone
to show you the glitch,
and you go to the
comments section?
- Uh, for your information,
the comments section
is where I find the majority
of my market research.
Thank you very much.
And I already told you,
I don't wanna talk
about this anymore.
- All right, suit yourself.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
- You know what, John?
- Know what, Holly?
- Maybe you should use the
app to help you find someone.
Maybe it'll help
you learn to relax
and see the magic
all around you.
- No can do.
- And why is that?
- Because of Holly's
number one rule.
Employees should never
use the app to find love
because it can create
liability issues.
- Well, maybe we should make
an exception in your case,
because you definitely need to
find someone else to bother.
- But I don't mind
bothering you.
You know, 'cause you're the only
other person in the company
who doesn't have anywhere
to go for the holidays.
Aren't I right?
- Goodbye, John.
[John laughs]
- [John] All right, I'm leaving.
- In a way, John
was actually right.
I hadn't been able to experience
the Christmas magic
myself in years.
Uncle Joe passed away
in a car accident.
That seemed to suck the magic
out of Christmas
around our house.
Mom started to find things to
do to keep her mind occupied,
and Aunt Rhonda eventually
stopped coming over.
It seemed that everyone
except me and Dad
had lost the Christmas spirit.
This Christmas, I'm deciding
no matter what it takes,
I am going to use my
amazing matchmaking skills
to bring my family
back together.
But for this plan to work,
the first thing I have to do
is get Aunt Rhonda
to agree to show up.
Hi, Aunt Rhonda.
- Girl, what you do on calling
me first thing this morning?
- Last time you left me
standing at the door,
so I figure calling's better.
[Rhonda chuckles]
Where's Uncle David?
- He's out playing golf.
- Well, you know,
I was thinking,
maybe it's time
for us to celebrate
Christmas together
again this year.
- Girl, you know your mama
don't want me around anymore,
especially not
during the holidays.
- That's not true.
Sh, she told me to call
you to invite you over.
- Oh, really? When,
when she say that?
- Um, last night.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah, really.
- Well, why she ain't answer
my phone calls yesterday?
- Because she was
busy in the kitchen.
You know how she is
when she's baking
her famous Christmas cookies.
- Mm-hmm. Okay.
- So you'll come over?
- Well, I mean, if she really
want me there, I'll show up.
- Great.
- All right, bye.
- Now that Aunt Rhonda's in-
- Mm-hmm.
- All I have to do
is convince Mom.
[upbeat music]
[sighs] Where are they?
- I knew this was a bad idea.
- No, it's not. Everything
is gonna be just fine.
- Hmm.
- Trust me.
- Okay.
- Hey, baby girl. Rhonda.
What are you all doing here?
- Dad, don't be ridiculous.
We're here for Christmas.
- You are?
- Yep, I knew this
was a bad idea.
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Come on, come on. [laughs]
So daughter, uh, did your
mom know you were coming?
- Oh, don't be silly, Dad. Of
course she knows we're coming.
- Well, Nick, I see you
haven't changed a bit.
- Well, no, no, I still love
decorating this old house
for Christmas.
- Yeah.
- But especially this year,
because there are going to be
some folks around to enjoy it.
- Yes, yes.
- Oh, speaking of, where is Mom?
- Oh, she's upstairs doing
some sort of weight
loss challenge.
- Who in the world does
a weight loss challenge
during the holidays?
- Well, apparently,
my wife, your sister-in-law.
But I guess, you know, she'll
do pretty much anything
to keep her mind off Christmas.
- Well, that's on her.
You invited me for
Christmas. I'm going to eat.
[Nick laughs]
Mm-hmm.
- All right, Aunt Rhonda,
let's go find her.
- All right.
- Come on.
- She's upstairs.
- All right.
- Good luck.
- Come on, baby.
[Nick laughs]
- Wow, it's gonna
be a good Christmas.
Gonna be a good
Christmas. [laughs]
- [Exercise Instructor] And
one, beat it up, let's go.
Pop, pop, whoo, whoo.
Oh, man. Let's go.
Here we go a little bit
faster. Pop, pop, pop, pop.
Yes, let's break
it down, we got-
- Hi, Mom.
- In three-
- Mom. Mom!
- Oh, gosh, child, you
scared me half to death.
What are you doing here?
Shouldn't you be out there
matchmaking or something?
- That's exactly what I'm doing.
- Why is she here?
Shouldn't she be at home
with her new husband?
- I knew it.
- Because I told
her you wanted us
all to celebrate
Christmas together.
- And why did you tell her that?
- You know what, you done
drag me all the way down here.
I told you your mama
wasn't ready for this.
- Well, I'm sorry if you
feel like coming around here
is such an inconvenience to you.
- Joy, you know that's not
what I'm saying at all.
- Well, it must be true,
because you haven't
been around here since,
how long has it been now?
- Look, that doesn't matter.
All that matters is
that we're here now.
So let's come together and
celebrate. It could be fun.
- Well, I'm sorry, baby.
Your Aunt Rhonda's right.
I'm just not ready yet.
- Well, this was a lot of fun.
Thank you, sugar
plum, for trying,
but we can try whatever
this was another time.
I'm outta here.
- Holly's matchmaking
rule number two.
Like life, dating
can be a cruel world.
You have to be willing
to change and adapt
and think on your feet.
No, no, no. Wait!
You can't go.
- Why not?
- Yeah, why not?
- Because he's on the way.
- Who's on the way.
- Santa, Samson!
- What the heck kind of
name is Santa Samson?
- Only the most
perfect guy ever.
- Perfect guy? [gasps]
Holly, are you seeing
someone finally?
- Yes, I am.
- Oh, girl!
- Good, tell us about
it. What he look like?
- Oh, Auntie Rhonda,
he is so fine.
- Oh.
- Ew.
- His skin is silky melanin.
- Oh!
- Ooh, his, his
voice is so deep,
it rumbles when he talks to me.
And his eyes, they're so dreamy.
- Wow.
- He sounds lovely.
- Oh, he is.
- Well,
all that sound well and good,
but how does he treat you?
- Better than anybody ever has.
He's so smart. He loves to read.
He's always quoting me poetry
and leaving me love letters
when he goes to work.
He's such a gentleman. We
talk on the phone for hours.
He makes me feel like no one
else in the world exists.
- Mm, I wanna date
him. When is he coming?
- Yes, baby, when is he coming?
And why didn't you
warn me sooner?
I could've got things ready.
- Yeah, girl, why?
- Oh, he wanted it
to be a surprise.
- Well, it is.
[Holly laughs]
- And since he's on the way,
we need to hurry and
get things together.
You know, his family
doesn't celebrate Christmas.
So when I told him about
our family traditions,
he was so excited to
meet everyone, together.
- Mm.
- So, Mom,
Auntie Rhonda, can we celebrate
Christmas together again?
Just this one time.
- Well, I guess we
don't have a choice.
What do you say, Rhonda?
You wanna stay and help me
put this thing together?
- I'm here, ain't I?
Ooh, the Christmas Cupid
did finally found her man.
[screams] I didn't think
this day would ever come.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- I know, right? I
thought my baby would be
single forever.
- Mm-hmm.
I know that's right.
- Okay, you do know
that I am sitting right here.
Oh, we know.
- Yeah, we do.
- It's just that
you are so concerned
with finding someone else love.
- Mm-hmm.
- It's my job.
- But I want grandbabies.
- Look, girl, your
mama is right.
You do not wanna spend
nights alone forever.
- I mean, I know.
I just don't wanna rush
into anything either.
- Well, your Aunt
Rhonda's right.
She knows a lot about rushing.
- You know what? I'm
gonna knock you out.
- Well, you know what?
I am just so happy that we're
all here together again,
celebrating Christmas again.
And just like that, my
matchmaking rules at work!
But I also broke rule number
three. Don't over-commit.
Now what am I gonna do? I've
gotta find a Christmas date.
Okay, uh, just have to,
I just need to
find a quick date.
Whew, okay.
I have the latest version that
is going to come out tomorrow
so I can just get
on here and find
a quick date for the holidays.
No!
Okay, um, hmm.
What would Sasha and Pinky say?
- It's against company policy!
- She wrote the policy.
It's her company.
- Don't do it!
- Do it.
- [yells] Okay,
Okay, I can do this.
It's for the family.
I have to bring my
family back together.
Okay. Mm.
Magic wand, work
for me this time.
Holli-Date appear,
Holli-Date appear, please!
Oh.
Ah! Okay, I just have
to find a quick date.
Bring my family together.
It's for the family. It's
for the family, Holly.
Okay.
Now, normally I would
never condone using
my own app to find someone.
I'm literally breaking
rule number one,
employees should never
use the app to find love
because it can create
liability issues.
But in this case,
I had no choice.
I have to do whatever it takes
to bring my family back
together this Christmas.
And if that means
I have to point
my Cupid arrow right
back at myself,
then that's just what I
was going to have to do.
Hi, I'm Samson.
I'm here for Holly.
Yeah.
Shut up, Pinky.
[mellow music]
Submit!
[phone chimes]
Wow, that was fast.
My app is good.
Okay, this is gonna be perfect.
Nothing is going to ruin
this Christmas. [chuckles]
- Okay, let's see.
I cannot believe I'm
here on my day off.
[computer chimes]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa. What is that?
You've got to be kidding
me. She used the app.
I cannot believe it, after
all the grief she gave me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no.
This is not good.
I tried to tell her, but
does she ever listen to me?
Of course not. I'm
just a tech guy.
It's not like I know
every single detail
of the app that I built.
Call Holly.
[phone ringing]
Come on, Holly.
Answer, answer, answer.
You don't wanna answer? Okay.
Let's see where you are.
Ah. There it is.
Don't worry, Holly,
once again, I've gotcha.
I'll just delete the
upgraded version in person.
It should be set to go.
[birds chirping]
- Ah. [laughs]
♪ It's that special
time of year ♪
♪ You want your
loved ones near ♪
♪ Spreading joy
and lots of cheer ♪
♪ How could you ever replace
this feeling of love ♪
♪ Wrap your arms
around me, embrace me ♪
♪ Kiss me underneath mistletoe
♪ Oh, oh, oh
♪ Happy holidays
Oh! [squeals]
Yes!
- I'll take this one
right here. All right?
- Dad! [giggles] Dad!
- Hey, what, what, what, what's,
what's all the commotion?
Your mom and Aunt
Rhonda still arguing?
You see, I'm hiding
out here in the woods.
- There's no need to hide out
here. We are having Christmas.
- Your mom's gonna
have Christmas?
- Yes.
- With Aunt Rhonda?
- Yes! [giggles]
- Wait a minute. How'd
you pull that off?
- Let's just call it
a Christmas miracle.
- A Christmas miracle it
is. Come on, baby girl.
We gotta get this house
together. [laughs]
We're gonna have Christmas.
- Yeah!
- Oh!
Oh, she drives me crazy.
Holly, this rollout
is a bad idea.
Gotta try to warn her
again. I've got to.
- Well, all right.
We don't have much, but I think
we can make it work, right?
- Should we go to the store?
- Oh, no, no. Store's
gonna be a nightmare.
We've just gotta work
with what we got.
- Oh, Christmas,
Christmas with my family.
I'm so happy, happy, happy.
Doesn't this remind
you guys of old times,
you and Aunt Rhonda in the
kitchen, Dad in the TV room.
We're just missing one person.
- Well, we don't have much time.
- Don't ruin your dinner.
- This is my pre-dinner,
and mind your business.
Love you.
- Love you.
[Rhonda laughs]
- And there's a car
in the driveway.
- A car?
- Yeah.
- We aren't-
[Joy and Rhonda gasp]
- [Joy And Rhonda] It's him!
[Holly screams]
- Wait a minute. Him, who?
- Her boyfriend, I think.
- Finally.
- She got a boyfriend?
- Sam or Samson or something.
- Ooh, yes, yes, yes. [laughs]
About time.
- Yeah.
[all laughing]
[knocking]
[tinkling music]
- John, what are you doing...
Well, come on in.
How do you even know
where my parents live?
- Why don't you ever
answer the phone?
- I'm trying to get my
family back together,
and I really don't need you
disturbing me right now.
- Ah, speaking of disturbing,
I saw that you used the app.
- How do you know
I used the app?
- Because I built
the app, Holly.
- Oh.
- So what are you doing?
Because you broke
your number one rule.
- I know, I know.
But I was desperate!
- For what? A date?
- Course not.
- Then what?
- It's complicated.
- Okay.
So help me explain, what
could be so complicated
that you had to use the app?
- Oh, so sorry, sweetheart.
Oh, is this him? Oh, we just
couldn't wait to meet him.
Hi, baby. Oh, he just as
handsome as you described.
- Uh, I am?
- Yeah, yeah, baby.
So come on, tell me a little
bit more about yourself.
I'm her Aunt Rhonda.
[Holly groans]
- Well, nice to meet you,
Ms. Aunt Rhonda.
- Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Now I need you to tell
me all about yourself.
Holly told us a few things,
but I wanna get it
straight from you.
How long you and
Holly been dating?
- Dating?
- Ooh!
- Oh, no, no,
we're- - Aunt Rhonda!
Come on now. We don't
wanna scare him.
- I'm so sorry, sugar.
I was so excited.
You don't ever bring
anybody to the house.
- Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm not, I don't know what
Holly has told you, but-
- Don't you worry,
she told us nothing
but good things
about you, mm-hmm.
- Oh, really?
- That's it. Yes.
- Oh, you. Come here.
We'll be right back, Auntie.
Right back, hey. [giggles]
Oh. What are you doing?
They don't know I
own a dating app.
- Oh, speaking of, I
need to see your phone.
I gotta delete the app
and roll back the update.
I'm getting some type
of like weird error.
- You can't get
my phone right now
because I have to
track my real date.
So I need you to leave like now.
- Yes.
- Now.
- But I gotta fix the issue.
I always got your back, Holly.
- Is that him?
- Yes, it is.
- As much as I appreciate
you, and I really do,
I'm focusing on trying to get
my family back together, so-
- Do you see how passionately
he talk about her?
- I know, Rhonda.
- Mm-hmm.
- So how about we pick this
up later, like at the office.
- Oh, so you really need a man.
Oh, maybe I just be him, and
then you don't need your phone.
Yes.
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- Hello, everyone.
You are so beautiful.
I heard so many great
things about you guys.
Yes, my name is J-
- Samson.
We've heard it
already. Santa Samson.
What kind of name
is that, anyway?
- Yeah, yeah,
Santa Samson. Yeah.
Well, actually my name is John.
Look, we like to do
this thing at work
where everyone dresses
up in Santa suits.
And I guess I was
just so handsome
that Holly over here
named me her Santa Samson.
- [Rhonda] Mm-hmm.
[all giggling]
- His name is John.
You can call him John.
Thank you, John.
That's enough, John.
- Well, we'll have
plenty of time
to get to know this
handsome devil.
Right now, we need
to prepare dinner.
- Mm-hmm. Yes, Christmas dinner.
And you are our guest of honor.
- Oh, I never been a
guest of honor before.
- [Rhonda] Mm-hmm.
- Come on, Rhonda.
- Mm-hmm.
You behave yourself,
little girl.
[Holly laughs]
- Why did you do that?
- Because I need to protect
you, and I need your phone.
- I do not need
you to protect me.
- Oh, my. Well, I'm not leaving.
'Cause I'm Santa Samson.
- Well, I am trying to get
my family back together,
so I need you to leave so
that they can fall in love
with the real Santa Samson
and the magic of
Christmas like we used to.
So please, just, just go.
- So sweet.
You should really experience
your Christmas magic.
I really want that for you.
But I'm not leaving
till I wipe your phone.
And besides, it seems
like your family
really likes me,
so there's that.
- Fine.
Follow my lead and help me
get my family back together,
and then you can
take my phone and do
whatever it is that
you need to do with it.
Whatever you do, please do
not mention the dating app.
I don't need my family to
know that you're a fake.
[whimsical music]
- All right.
- Hey, there you are.
So, so is this the guy?
Your mother told me he was here.
Hi, how you doing?
I'm Nick, I'm Holly's
dad. Nice to meet you.
- Well, uh, nice to
meet you too, sir.
- [laughs] Oh. Yeah.
And respectful,
too. I like that.
Holly's been keeping
you a secret.
- You know how she can be.
- Oh, yeah.
Well, listen, I'd love
to sit and talk with you,
get to know you a little better,
but right now I've gotta finish
hanging these lights
out on the porch.
- Oh, I'll get them.
- Oh, no, no, no, no.
I'll get 'em. You don't
have to do that. [chuckles]
- I insist.
- Nice to meet you, sir.
- Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, seems like a
nice fellow. Huh.
- How's your arm?
- Your dad's kind of strong.
- I know. I'm sorry about that.
- That's cool. So, uh, you
gonna tell me what's up?
- Not really.
- [laughs] Holly.
- Okay, fine. I'm
mad at you, John.
I can't believe you
would put me into this.
- Oh, I've been in way
crazier situations than this.
Is Holly actually
starting to show emotions?
- Whatever.
Okay, so here's the plan.
So basically I had
to explain to John
how Mom and Aunt
Rhonda were at odds
ever since Uncle Joe died.
We all miss Uncle Joe,
and they both just have
different ways of showing it.
But when Aunt Rhonda remarried,
Mom just couldn't forgive
her for how soon it happened.
That just seemed
to suck the life
right out of family Christmas.
So basically John, I
need you to be Uncle Joe.
- Okay.
- Laugh and sing
songs with my dad.
Make Aunt Rhonda feel like
she's a part of the family.
And Mom, just keep telling her
stories and she'll love it.
They'll have so much
fun enjoying you
that they'll remember that
it's not about John or Joe
or any John, it's really
just about sharing
love and family at Christmas.
- Wow. Impressive.
- So can you do it or nah?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever.
And plus you'll be
making it up to me.
- Making up what?
- Our first date.
[Holly laughs]
- [Holly] What?
- All right, do you
remember our first date?
We were at the coffee shop,
and I gave you my number,
and when we came back,
you interviewed me
and offered me the job
at your company instead.
- John, you're delusional.
That was not a first date.
When I first met you, you
gave me your business card
and you told me you
developed apps on the side.
Of course I was gonna call
you back for an interview.
- Man, I thought
we had chemistry.
- John, we're like
bleach and ammonia.
We sting when we get together.
- Oh, well, my heart
stings too, Holly.
- Shut up.
[John laughs]
Come on and help me go
grab some more lights
and ornaments and
things, come on!
- You want me to leave
these right here?
- [Holly] Yeah, leave 'em.
Don't you just love
all of the beautiful
colors of Christmas?
The shimmering
lights, the ornaments
as they sparkle
against the evergreen,
the bellows of red that
glisten beneath the mistletoe,
colors of life, of love,
of joy, of Christmas.
- This is, uh, kinda cool.
- What?
- You know, your family
celebrating Christmas.
- Mm-hmm. Your family
doesn't celebrate Christmas?
- Well, it's just my mom and I,
so I never really
had much family.
- You don't see your mom?
- My dad passed away
when I was younger,
so ever since then,
we never celebrate it.
So I just go to work.
And after work, I go out of
town and look at the lights.
- Hmm. Is that right?
- Yeah. It gets kind of lonely
around this time of the year.
- I know how that can be.
- Yeah, just wish I had
like a nice house like this
and a family to really
celebrate the holidays with.
You know?
- Yeah, that's great.
- Whoa.
Look what I found.
[Holly laughs]
- I can't believe we doing this.
- Well, leave it to Holly
to get us together
for Christmas again.
- It's been a while.
- Hmm. How have you been?
- You'd know if you
answered your phone.
- How's your
husband? Don, is it?
- You know it's David, Joy.
We used to be best friends, Joy.
- I know, it's just,
when we lost Joe,
I couldn't deal.
- I couldn't deal either.
- Well, you seem to have
just dealt with it fine.
- That just isn't fair.
- What's not fair is the
fact that you decided
to move-
- Hey, look at you two.
[chuckles] Together
again in the kitchen,
all thanks to Holly.
- Speaking of Holly, where
did she disappear to?
- Oh, she's getting some
more Christmas decorations.
- More? Oh, we do not
need more decorations.
- Of course we do.
My baby girl is home, my
beloved sister-in-law is here,
and we are gonna
celebrate Christmas again.
I'm going all out.
- All out.
♪ We're going all out, all out
[Nick laughs]
- All out.
- And that's it. That's
why I had to use the app.
[John chuckles]
Why are you laughing?
- Because I cannot believe you.
- Well, I told you
I was desperate.
- I mean, well, clearly.
- Oh, look at Mom and Dad.
It'll all be worth it,
once we're all together
with our eyes closed
at midnight on Christmas.
We'll open them, and Dad
will have lights strung
all around the room,
and someone will fall
under the mistletoe, and
it'll be Christmas romance
up close and personal
again this year.
- [sighs] Well, um,
you know at some point
you're gonna have to
tell them the truth, right?
- I know. [sighs]
After the holidays.
- Well, I don't know, Holly.
I'm not sure it's
gonna end well.
- [scoffs] Positivity.
This is Christmas.
Besides, it doesn't really
matter if you and I end well.
I just need to get my
family back together.
- Well, good luck.
- Where are you going?
- Uh, to tell your family,
since it doesn't matter if
you and I will end well.
- No. [chuckles]
No, no, no, no, no.
You can't do that.
I need you now.
- Oh, say again?
- Please don't make me say it.
[Holly moans]
- Could you hear?
I couldn't her.
Say it one more time.
Ribbit.
- I need you now!
- There we go. Was
that so hard to say?
But now I need you to
listen to me, Holly.
- About what?
- That, Holly,
I've been trying to tell you
that there's something
wrong with the update.
- Oh, why is it every time
that we're having a moment,
you're trying to tell me
something about the app?
I'm matchmaking!
- And I'm here for you.
Not only for your family or
for your dreams for Christmas,
but for your company
and for you, Holly.
[Holly sighs]
- Oh.
- My gosh.
[Holly sighs]
- Honestly, John, what
would I do without you?
- I think a better
question would be,
what haven't you
done without me?
- I always manage to
drag you into something.
Anyways, what is it
that you were trying
to tell me about this app?
- Okay, so look, I
noticed that if you select
certain cells and functions,
a duplicate error comes up
in the log files.
- A du, blah, blah, blah, what?
- Yeah, that's what I'm
trying to figure out now is,
but I know it has
something to do
with the holiday
submission form.
But look, Holly, you
cannot roll out the app.
[Holly scoffs]
[Holly laughs]
- Everyone is waiting
on this new update.
I can't just not put it
out. I just did a podcast.
- And I don't know
what else to tell you.
But I'm gonna need a
little bit more time
to figure out the exact issue.
- John, it's technology.
There's always a glitch.
- [laughs] But not like this.
- You don't even
know what it is.
- Exactly. That's what
I'm trying to figure out.
- I mean, it may be nothing.
- Well, maybe it's everything.
Holly, log files do not lie.
Trust me. I've been
doing this forever.
- [laughs] And so have I.
First invention, fifth grade.
- [chuckles] And you
need me right now.
- What are you saying?
- Okay, I mean I'll help
you keep your little secret
about your dating
app from your family
only if you gimme another week
to figure out exactly
what's wrong and your phone.
- I can't do that.
I can't, I, this is my life.
This is my company
we're talking about.
This rollout has
to happen tomorrow.
- Well, like I said, good luck.
[Holly scoffs]
- Okay. Okay.
[sighs] Okay, fine. I
will give you one week.
I'll just have to
figure something out.
- All right, cool.
But I got a question.
What is so important
to your family
that you have to
bring a guy home?
Like what type of
matchmaking plan is that?
Sorry. None of my business.
- No, it's okay.
You know, it's, it's
not even my dad.
It's mostly my mom and my aunt.
They have this fear that
I'm going to end up alone.
- Do you?
- I don't know.
I mean, I really don't have
time to even think about it
since I'm running
the most successful
dating app there ever was.
- But you know it's always
good to take time for yourself.
And yes, you do have an
amazing matchmaking ability.
- Thank you.
- But,
it's okay to fall in love, too.
[gentle piano music]
- No time for that.
I'm putting together
the most extravagant,
amazing Christmas.
- Right.
- Yeah.
- Well, lead the way. [laughs]
- I'm sure the last time
we had Christmas dinner,
we had mashed potatoes.
- And I'm sure we did not.
Joe doesn't like potatoes.
- I fixed potatoes
for him all the time!
- I think I know what he
liked. He was my brother.
- And he was my husband.
- But he was my
brother first though.
- Girl, you don't know
what happened in our house.
- I know exactly
what happened.
- I served that man
mashed potatoes all the time.
- You know what, you
don't know nothing.
You only been around here-
- Girl, I'll bust you
in your eyes with
both of these eggs!
- Holly's rule number
four, if you're on a date
and the conversation
isn't going that well,
change the subject and find
some common interest
to talk about.
You know what I remember?
I remember the
good times, right?
I remember Dad and Uncle
Joe in the living room
watching the football
game, the two of you
in the kitchen
cooking good food.
Aunt Rhonda, do you remember?
What was Uncle
Joe's favorite song?
You remember that song
that Uncle Joe liked.
- Don't try to make
me like her now!
- You remember the good song?
- Okay, okay, okay.
- Remember?
- He liked the Temptations.
My baby liked the Temptations.
- He did. What was that
little step he'd do?
Mom, what was the step
your brother used to do?
What is that?
[fingers snapping]
Oh, uh-huh.
- My baby liked
the Temptations.
- Uh-huh, that step
right there, and then
what you used to,
you used to back it up
on him, Aunt Rhonda.
You used to back
it on up on him, I remember
what you used to do!
- Oh, my baby.
- My brother was the
life of the party.
- Oh, yeah, he was.
I miss my baby.
- Okay. [claps] Back
to the good times.
♪ Boom, boom, boom,
boom, boom, boom, boom ♪
♪ Hark, the herald angels sing
♪ Glory to the newborn King
♪ Peace on Earth
and mercies mild ♪
♪ God and sinners reconciled
♪ Joyful all ye nations rise
♪ Join the triumph
of the skies ♪
- Just for a moment, it was
like I was transported back.
There my dad was,
there with a friend,
singing his Christmas
carols as they take a break
from setting up lights.
♪ Boom, boom, boom,
boom, boom, boom, boom ♪
[both laugh]
- And look who's here.
- [John] Sorry, I
didn't see you there.
- It's fine. I was
quite enjoying it.
You two look like you
were having a lot of fun.
- [Nick] Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
- Uh, where is the restroom?
- Um, first door on the left.
- [John] All right. All right.
- Mr. John, Christmas
man. [laughs]
I think you scared him off.
- [laughs] No, Dad, he's fine.
He's just going to the bathroom.
- Yeah, but you know what?
He knows a lot about fishing.
- Oh, that's what
did it for you?
- Mm, pretty much.
[both laugh]
I like that fellow a lot.
That's, that's a good boy.
[both speaking in gibberish]
[Nick laughs]
- [John] A size three?
- Hey, I thought you
were in the bathroom.
- Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then I wandered into here.
It's your room?
- Yes, it is.
And boys are not allowed.
- Oh, well, it's nice.
And I was just looking
at this. This you?
- Oh, yes, it is.
Wasn't I adorable?
- I mean, a little
funny looking, but eh.
- No, I wasn't. Hater.
- Uh-huh.
[Holly laughs]
Oh. Hmm?
- Oh, that is
my high school
boyfriend, Reggie.
- Oh, Reggie.
He look like he played guitar
or something like that.
[both laughing]
- Oh, and that's my Uncle Joe.
- Aw. Where is he?
- He passed away
a few years ago.
- Oh, um, I'm sorry.
Were you two close?
- Very close.
[John groans]
Very, very close. Mm, mm, mm.
He was my mom's big brother,
and he and my dad
were best friends.
I feel like he was the glue
that held them all together.
- Oh, so that's Aunt
Rhonda's husband.
- Yeah.
My dad wasn't too bad.
- No, no, no. He seems cool.
- Yes, he is the best.
- [laughs] He did tell me
about your ex-boyfriend.
[both laughing]
- No, he didn't!
- Yes, he did.
- Oh, my family
did not like him.
Really?
- Mm-mm.
He and my dad did not get along,
and my mom said he
wasn't husband material.
- Oh. What is husband material?
- You know, apparently
I don't know,
because I don't have one.
- Well, trust me. You'll
have one, one day.
- I don't know about that.
- What? You are the
creator of a major app.
You probably got men lined up
all the way down the street
waiting to take you out.
- Mm, thank you.
But not so much.
- Okay, you better
stop looking at me
with those pretty brown eyes.
- Oh, so you do like my eyes?
- [Holly] No, it,
they look like-
- Nah, it's probably because
I wear those blue ray glasses
when I'm over here coding and
looking at different computers
at the same time.
You know, IT things. You
wouldn't know about all that.
[both laugh]
- Whatever. [laughs]
Let's go downstairs and
see what everybody's up to.
- All right, come on. [laughs]
[John and Holly laughing]
You can't take
pictures, not one bit.
- No, no, no, I'm not. You're
in charge of the pictures now.
Hey, what's going on, everybody?
- Uh, there's, uh
someone here to see you.
They're in the, in
the dining room.
- Who?
- Well, I don't know,
but he said his name was-
- [Joy And Rhonda] Santa Samson.
[Holly gasps]
- I thought you
were Santa Samson.
- Uh, yeah.
- Hi.
I'm so sorry I'm late. This
holiday traffic was horrible.
Wow, yeah, you have a
beautiful home here.
I love the decorations.
- This is my parents' place.
- Wow, the app said
that you were looking
for a holiday date, so I'm here.
- Yeah, you're
here. Yes, you are.
I am so sorry.
Um, there has been a
bit of a mix up and-
- Holly, what's going on?
- Yeah, Holly.
What's going on?
- Who is this?
- Hello, everyone.
I'm Santa Samson.
I'm here for Holly.
- I thought John
was Santa Samson.
- Who's John?
- Uh, uh, hello, everyone.
This is Santa
Samson, my boyfriend.
- If that's Holly's
boyfriend, then who is this?
- Who is John?
- That's-
- I've only had a couple
of beers, and I'm confused.
- You said he was
your boyfriend.
- I never said he
was my boyfriend.
- Yes, you did.
- No, I didn't.
- Didn't you say you
were her boyfriend?
- No. I don't think so.
- Uh, no, no, I'm pretty sure
he said he was her boyfriend.
- Someone said that
he was her boyfriend.
- [Holly Voiceover]
Rule number five,
if things are starting to
go bad, switch things up!
- So is he your boyfriend?
Am I at the right house?
- He is not my boyfriend.
He is my boyfriend.
- Then what are you doing here?
- I came to talk to
Holly because we haven't-
- John, don't. John.
Oh, will you excuse me?
We've got some work
stuff to discuss.
Quick.
- Right, right. Work stuff.
- What are you doing, John?
- We wouldn't have-
- You can't tell them.
- We wouldn't have
even been in this mess
if you would've
given me your phone.
I could've canceled it.
- No, we wouldn't even be
in this mess if you
hadn't come over here
in the first place, now
it's time for you to leave
so I can figure this out.
Honey, you know we
talked about this,
and I asked you don't be late.
- I'm sorry, babe.
- What am I gonna do with you?
- Anything you want.
[Holly giggles]
- Not in front of my family.
Um, thank you so much,
John, for coming over.
- Wait, what?
- Yes, thank you, John,
so much, for coming over.
- Holly, can we talk?
- Uh, sure. [giggles]
I'll be right back.
Mom, Aunt Rhonda, keep
Sam company for me.
- Uh, I'm going to
get another beer.
- Well, I guess it's
nice to meet you, Sam.
- [Rhonda] Wow. Interesting.
- I told you this wasn't
gonna end well, Holly.
- Look, John, I'm sorry.
You've been really great,
but I don't know how else
to explain this guy showing
up, and I've gotta do
whatever it takes to
get them back together.
You understand, don't you?
- But don't you think
this is a little crazy?
You should just go in there
and tell your family the truth.
- And I will, but not now.
Not until we celebrate
Christmas as a family.
- Okay. Well, look, I need
to tell you something.
- I know, the app.
- No, it's...
Never mind.
- If you have
something to say, just say it.
- No, you wouldn't understand.
- Try me.
- I like you.
- You like me?
- Yes.
- Since when?
- I always have, Holly.
- Well, this is news to me.
- Of course it's news to you.
You're so wrapped up in yourself
that you don't
notice anyone else.
- Excuse me?
- It's like, it's like,
it's like you think
you know everything,
and that, and that, and
that, and that everything
that you say is right, but
you don't listen to reason.
- That is not true.
- Okay, so how long
have we been working together,
and you never
noticed I liked you?
I've been with your
family all this time,
and you still never noticed.
- Well, you didn't say anything.
- Because you don't listen!
You know what, forget it.
Merry Christmas,
good luck on your,
on your boyfriend, and your app.
I hope you get everything
you've been looking for.
[car door slams]
- Stir a little rougher now.
Put some more arm in there.
- No, he needs
some hips in there.
He needs some rhythm.
Yeah, that's we need.
♪ Three, six, nine,
the goose drank wine ♪
♪ The monkey chews tobacco
on a streetcar line ♪
♪ The line broke and
the monkey got choke ♪
♪ And they all went to
heaven in a little row boat ♪
- Yeah, baby, whip it
now. Stir it up good.
Yeah, I don't who's boyfriend
he is, but he sure can mix it.
Uh-huh. Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
- Aunt Rhonda.
- [laughs] Oh, where'd
your friend go?
- Uh, he had some things to do.
- Okay.
- Oh, okay. All right.
♪ All right, three, six, nine
♪ The goose drank wine
- Hi, I'm Holly, and
everyone loves me,
and I just think that
I'm always right,
and I have a bunch
of fake boyfriends.
[groans] You know, if she just
think that she's so smart,
then I'm done trying
to help her out.
If she wants to put this app
out, then fine. That's on her.
[John sighs]
- Didn't want to get that
nice white sweater dirty.
- [Rhonda] Mm-hmm.
- And I managed to whip
up Christmas dinner.
- Like you whipping
it up by yourself.
- I am doing most
of the cooking.
- Like I can't cook!
- Family. Family,
family, family, family.
Love. Peace.
Okay, Christmas, cheer, delight.
Love.
- Yeah. Whatever.
[cell phone buzzing]
- What? I have to take this.
- Mm-hmm.
- I'm watching you two.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You keep mixing it, baby.
- Hey, look, I know you're
with family and all,
but I just wanted
to call and check in
and see if everything
is still good for tomorrow.
- With what?
- What do you mean with
what? With the app.
- Oh, right, the app.
Yes, we're all good.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
Dianna, do you really
think we're ready
for this new update and rollout?
- Of course we're ready.
You've worked very hard on
this, and people can't wait.
Are you getting cold feet on me?
- No, no. It's just
something John said.
- John, the IT guy?
- Yeah, he said
something might be wrong
with the duplicate errors.
- Oh, look, we tested
this app a hundred times.
It's good. In fact,
it's better than good.
Literally everyone is
gonna be on it tomorrow
finding their Christmas
Holli-Dates. You
should be proud.
- No, I am. I am.
[sighs] I guess
I'm just nervous.
- Well, shake it off
and get ready, girl.
- You're right.
I've just got so much going on
with my family and Christmas.
- Yeah, oh, oh,
and don't forget,
you have a virtual interview
right before the launch.
I emailed you all the details.
- Yes. Got it.
- Okay.
All right, well, I'll let you
go. I'll talk to you tomorrow.
- Ciao.
[upbeat music]
- Hello, Holly,
it's Christmas Eve
and I'm in the office
trying to help you out.
But you know what, nah.
I'm not doing it,
I'm done. I am done.
[lips burbling]
Ugh, she drives me so crazy.
[John sighs]
- [sighs] Where's Sam?
- I kicked him out.
- Mm. Why?
- Because he spilled
flour all over the floor.
- I think he's preparing for
the light show with your dad.
- [Joy And Rhonda] Uh-uh!
- Do you guys need any help?
- Mm-mm. Got it covered now.
- Yeah, your Aunt Rhonda
finally decided to help.
- You listen.
- You know what?
- I'm sick of you.
- I think you have
something on your mind.
- No, I'm okay. Just
thinking about work.
I need to focus on you two.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah.
- You know what?
- I think so.
- I like that little
John boy. He nice.
- He is.
- Really nice. Charming.
- That's the guy
you should be with.
- Mm-hmm.
- Husband material.
- Oh, really?
- Mm-hmm.
- Definitely. So what was
the deal with all that?
- The deal with what?
- The whole boyfriend thing?
- Nothing. He just came
over to talk about work.
- And to keep you company
until your boyfriend showed up?
- Yeah. What's wrong
with that, Mom?
- Nothing, I just think he's
a little bit more than a friend.
- Definitely more than a friend.
- Well, he's not.
- [Rhonda] Hmm.
- I'm gonna go check on Sam.
- [Joy] Okay.
- She lying.
- Up to no good.
- But that Sam though.
- Mm.
- Mm-hmm.
- [Rhonda] Oh!
- So Holly tells me you're
a fisherman, hey, buddy?
- Yeah. Sure thing, Nick.
- All right, so then tell
me, what direction is best?
- [Sam] What do you mean?
- What direction is
best for a fisher?
- Oh, uh, east.
- East?
- Hey.
- Hey, babe.
- Hey, guys. How's it going?
- Hey, we're
getting it. I think.
- Oh. That's wonderful, baby.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So what are you doing?
- Oh, Mom and Aunt Rhonda
were all good in the kitchen,
so I thought I'd
come out here and see
what you two boys were
talking about. [laughs]
- Okay, okay. Uh, where's John?
- Who? Oh, John.
He had to leave.
- Oh, oh. That's too bad.
I liked him.
- What is this, his fan club?
- So listen, I'm getting
a little thirsty.
I'm gonna go in and get
myself another beer.
And you know what, maybe later
we can play charades, huh?
- Oh, yay!
- Charades?
Babe, what's charades?
- Seriously?
- [giggles] Yeah, um, oh,
these are some of
our family ornaments.
We have had a lot of
these since I was a kid.
You wanna see some?
- Uh, sure.
- Yay!
- Oh, I made this one when
I was in the second grade.
It was-
- [Sam] Nice.
- Oh, my gosh, look at
this one. Glitter fest.
I think I used too much
glitter on this one,
but it's my favorite!
- Yeah, that's,
that's nice, babe.
[Holly chuckles]
[gentle music]
- I see you and Sam
are getting along.
- Eh, he's all right.
He doesn't really know anything
about fishing or charades.
You know, I like that John.
I bet he'd be good at charades.
- So do I.
- Yeah, I don't
know about that Sam.
- What do you mean?
Weren't you admiring
his mixing skills?
- Yes, I was, but
it's kind of weird
how he showed up out nowhere.
- Well, Holly says that
Sam is her boyfriend.
- Hm-mm, and you believe that?
- Well, why would Holly lie?
- I don't know, but
something isn't right.
- I'm with Rhonda.
Something is off.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah, I think
John is our guy.
- You know, I'd be proud to
see him date our daughter.
- Yeah, I know he
wasn't here long,
but he'd be perfect for her.
- Mm-hmm.
- A mother knows.
- It's like he balanced her out.
- That's what it was.
- That's it. Mm-hmm.
- That Sam, I don't
care for him at all.
- Mm-mm. He drink too much.
- Come on, come on. Where is it?
It's gotta be here somewhere.
It's probably in the
dating options. Let's see.
[gasps] Wow, there it
is. There's the glitch.
Oh. Oh, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
[bright music]
- Not my best work.
[Sam laughs]
Wanna see some family photos?
- Yeah, sure.
- Okay. Let's see.
Oh! This is my first Christmas.
Look how big this dress is.
Why would my mom put
me in such a big dress?
[both chuckle]
[cell phone ringing]
[sighs] What is
it, you have more
insulting things to say to me?
- The glitch. I
figured out the issue.
- What is it?
- Okay. Okay.
It's a lot to explain, okay?
- Well, try.
- Okay, so-
[indistinct
background chattering]
Are you listening to me?
- Yeah, I'm listening.
Coming, Dad!
- Holly! Holly, Holly!
- John, speak Ingles.
- Okay, so there were
some brackets missing
between rows on the
submit button code,
so it caused numerous records
to be updated when clicked.
- Hi, I'm Samson.
I'm here for Holly.
- John, I gotta go.
- No, no, Holly, no, no.
- These are for you.
- Uh, who are you?
- Well, that's the Holli-Date.
- Holli-Date,
what's a Holli-Date?
- It's a dating app.
- Wait a minute.
How did we match?
- You said you needed a
date for the holidays.
- Wait, wait, wait a minute.
Why you need a date
for the holidays
if your boyfriend's
already here?
- Boyfriend, why do
you even need a date
if you already have a boyfriend?
- Um, that's a good question.
- I'm Samson. Uh,
I'm here for Holly.
[Holly giggles]
- Holly. Holly!
I cannot believe her. Oh.
- Hey, babe.
- I think he's talking to you.
- Yes, honey?
- Is it all right if
I grab another beer?
- Sure.
- Honey?
- Apparently she
has a boyfriend.
- A boyfriend, your
profile didn't say anything
about you having a boyfriend.
- Well, why would
she put that on there
if she was looking for dates?
- That's true.
- I'm not looking for dates.
I was looking for a date.
- But you have a boyfriend.
- So you do have a boyfriend.
- Dad, can you go to the
kitchen and let me handle this?
- That's your dad?
- I'm really confused.
- Join the club, man.
- [Nick] Hey, hey,
something weird is going on.
- What are you talking about?
- There are two guys here
claiming to be Holly's dates.
- Dates?
- Yeah, said they matched
with her on some
Holli-Date dating app.
- What is going
on with that girl?
- That's what I'm screaming.
I know she's cute and
everything, but mm,
you know what I'm saying?
Two of 'em.
- Mm.
- And them boys, they
kind of funny looking too,
that's what I'm saying here.
- Oh, no, no, no.
- Oh, my.
[cell phone ringing]
- Hello?
- [panting] Dianna?
- [Dianna] Hey, what's up?
- I wish I was
anywhere but here.
- [Dianna] Why?
- Dianna, listen. The
app has gone crazy.
- What do you mean,
the app has gone crazy?
- I used the app.
- Wait, you, you, what do
you mean, you used the app?
- I was just trying to get
my family back together
for the holidays
so that we could
celebrate Christmas together.
I told them I had a boyfriend
and they were so excited,
so I used the app,
and I chose the option
to choose a date
for the holidays,
but somehow it matched
me with multiple dates,
and they're all here.
- Wait, they're all where?
- Here, Dianna, at
my parents' house.
- Wait, wait, how, how
many matches are there?
- Like, too many.
- Wait. Okay, hold on, wait.
It's only supposed
to send one guy.
- Yes, Dianna, I know. I know.
John!
- What about him?
- John tried to tell
me there was something
wrong with the new app update,
and I did listen to him!
- Why not?
- Because this is going be
the most used dating
app this Christmas!
- Well, what are
you waiting for?
Call John and tell
him to fix it.
- Right, I'll call
John. He'll fix it.
I'll call you back.
- Okay, let me know, Holly.
[phone dialing]
[phone ringing]
- Okay, I can do this.
John will fix it.
[cheery music]
[indistinct chattering]
This is crazy! [gasps]
This is crazy. It's
like really crazy.
And you look crazy,
so, um, okay,
there has been a huge mistake.
All of you are not
supposed to be here.
Long story, I used my
dating app to book a date,
but there was a glitch, and
it matched me with all of you.
- [Joy] So wait, you
own the Holli-Date app?
- Yes.
- And you lied about
having a boyfriend?
- Yes.
- And you made me
leave my husband
to come meet your
fake boyfriend?
- Yes.
- Girl.
- I really appreciate all
of you for coming over.
The flowers are really
nice. And the gift.
But I won't be needing
a date anymore.
- Holly, what about me?
- Yes, you too, Sam. But
thank you for coming.
So yes, the exit is that way
and, uh, you can head
towards the door now.
- I am so lost. Troy,
let me get a ride.
- I don't even know you.
- Not a chance, Cliff.
- Happy New Year!
- Rule number six.
- Merry Christmas.
- [Holly Voiceover] It's okay
when a match doesn't work.
It's not the end of the world,
and they're not all
gonna be winners.
But never take
yourself out the game.
Your perfect match
is on its way.
- I'm Santa Samson.
I'm here for Holly.
[door squeaks]
[dramatic music]
[gentle piano music]
[Holly sobbing]
- Holly, why did you lie?
- Do you wanna know why I
lied? Because of all of you.
- Because of us?
- Yes.
Christmas used to be my
favorite time of year.
I couldn't wait.
Then Uncle Joe died, and instead
of us celebrating his life
and his favorite holiday,
you all stopped believing
in the magic, you
stopped being a family.
- [Joy] Well, Holly, the
holidays can be hard.
- Mom, I know. They're
hard on me, too.
- But sweetheart, that
doesn't explain why you lied.
- Mom and Aunt Rhonda
weren't even going to agree
to do Christmas until I
mentioned I was dating someone.
And I just went with it,
and it just got outta hand.
- [Joy] But you could've
told us the truth.
- Could I? [scoffs]
Look at this. Look
at these ornaments.
- Holly.
- We don't even
hang these anymore.
I don't even know why y'all even
put up a Christmas
tree this year.
- Holly.
- Careful, Holly.
- Calm down.
- That's my favorite ornament.
- Oh, it's your favorite?
You don't care. This
doesn't matter to you.
- Holly, calm down.
- It doesn't matter to you.
It doesn't matter to you. It
doesn't even matter to you.
I will not calm down,
Mom. I will not calm down!
I just wanted us to be
back together again.
Aunt Rhonda wasn't
even gonna come over!
It's like we're not
even a family anymore!
- Holly!
[glass shatters]
[melancholy music]
- Dad, I'm so sorry.
This is what happens when
I break my own rules.
I created a huge mess.
[cell phone buzzing]
- Hello?
- Have you seen the comments?
- What comments.
- Are you crying?
- No, no, I'm fine. What's up?
- The comments on our social
media pages are not good.
Everyone is talking about the
glitch with the new update.
- That can't even be possible.
The new update doesn't even
come out until tomorrow.
- Well, somehow it got leaked.
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no. This can't be happening.
This is all my fault.
- What is?
- [sobs] Everything.
I lied to my family.
The app is a disaster.
I just had a zillion
guys in my house.
- Oh, you know, Holly,
look, stop crying, okay?
It's gonna be okay.
- No, it's not.
I just wanted to get my
family back together.
How am I supposed to
be a matchmaker with
a matchmaking app,
and I can't even
match my own family?
[somber piano music]
[Holly sighs]
This is why I'm never
going to find anyone.
[somber piano music]
- Okay. So that's
the real issue.
Do you really believe that?
- Well, here I am,
another holiday alone.
Maybe I'm just not
meant to be with anyone.
Maybe I don't deserve love.
- That's not true. I mean,
everyone deserves love.
It's literally the first thing
that you see on the
app when you open it.
- After my breakup with
Kevin, I just pushed away
every guy that tried
to get close to me.
I'm just so afraid
they'll hurt me.
- Maybe that's why you
and John don't get along.
- Huh?
- Nothing.
Uh, speaking of John, have
you heard back from him yet?
- No, and I really
need to talk to him.
I'll call you back.
[phone dialing]
[phone ringing]
John, where are you?
[melancholy piano music]
- She's right, you know.
This is not how family's
supposed to behave.
[Rhonda sniffles]
- It's all my fault.
I lost my brother.
But then I lost
my sister as well.
- I know you, Joy.
What's the real reason we
haven't talked all this time?
- Because you moved on.
- What?
- You moved on, and it's like,
he didn't even exist anymore.
- Joy,
losing Joe
was one of the
worst things I ever
had to go through.
I cried every night.
I even prayed that
he would come back.
Then I started to heal.
[sobs] And I met someone one.
But it didn't mean I loved
your brother any less.
Look at you.
You got Nick.
I had no one to come home to.
Just cold, empty
memories of Joe.
I needed someone, Joy, you know?
[Rhonda sniffles]
I just, I just, I just, I just
wanted to be a whole again.
I thought, I thought Joe
would've wanted that.
- [sighs] You're
right. He would've.
I guess I couldn't take
seeing you with someone else.
But I didn't see
your side of it.
[somber music]
- I don't wanna
lose my sister, too.
- Well, we got a
chance to start over
and make sure that we stay
in each other's lives.
I'm so sorry.
- I love you.
[gentle music]
- My dad passed away when I
was younger, so, you know,
we never really celebrated
much after that.
So I just go out in town
and look at the lights.
- I know where he is.
[gentle piano music]
- You okay?
- That was my favorite ornament.
- I know.
- It was a picture of
me and, me and Joe.
One of the only
ones I have of him.
- She didn't mean it.
- I know.
- And the picture's still fine.
- I know, I know. Yeah.
- It's gonna be
okay, sweetheart.
- It's been hard for
me this holiday too,
but I'm, you know, trying
to be strong for everybody.
- And we appreciate
you for that.
- And sometimes I
just wanna give up
and forget it's Christmas.
- Well, that doesn't sound
like you. You love Christmas.
- It's been hard to
love lately. [chuckles]
- I miss my brother, dearly,
but I also miss who we were at
Christmas and our traditions.
He always had so much fun.
- Oh, yeah. We did have
good times at the holidays.
[Nick chuckles]
- You sure did. You did.
- [Holly Voiceover]
Rule number seven,
go after what you want.
And this doesn't have
to apply to just dating.
But there's nothing wrong with
telling someone how you feel.
And sometimes a big
gesture is the way to go.
- [John] What you doing here?
- I've been trying to call you.
- [John] I turned off my phone.
- Oh.
- So what do you want, Holly?
- I brought you my phone.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
First of all, I just
wanna say that I'm sorry.
- That's a first.
- I deserve that.
I should've listened
to you about the app.
- Why? Something happen?
- [scoffs] Yes,
something happened.
A bunch of somethings
happened. Everything is a mess.
I think I ruined Christmas.
John, I need you,
and I will say it
as many times as you need.
You have no idea how many
guys showed up at my house.
- Aw, trust me, yes, I do.
- My family thinks I'm
a part of some weird
holiday freak cult.
[John laughs]
That's not funny.
- It is kind of funny, Holly.
- Okay, you're right. Yeah,
it is kind of funny. [laughs]
But now we have an
even bigger problem.
- Bigger than 20 guys showing
up at your front door?
- Some of the men
have been posting
about how they were
double-booked on
the new app update,
and it has gone viral.
- Are you serious?
- Dianna called and told me
it is all over social media.
- Whew. That is
kind of bad, Holly.
[Holly sighs]
- John, will you fix it?
- Trust me, Holly. You
know I got your back.
- So that means you have a plan?
- It's already done.
- What's done.
- Fixes.
I updated the brackets in
the code and tested the app.
Now it's ready to
go for Christmas.
So now you can do what you do
best, which is matchmaking.
- John, you're the
best. [squeals]
[John chuckles]
I should have listened
to you all along.
Come on. Come with me.
Let me show you how my
family celebrates Christmas.
- Oh, so now I'm your date?
[chuckles] All right, come
on. Let's get out of the cold.
- [Holly Voiceover]
Rule number eight,
put it all on the line.
It can be scary, but some
people really appreciate that.
And that's what I have
to do with my family.
I have to be honest and
put it all out there
and hope they'll forgive me
and celebrate Christmas again.
- [Joy] What are
you doing back here?
- Holly. She got
me to come back.
- Wonderful.
That's a good man right there.
- Come on in. Yes, he is.
- Holly's your girl.
- Look, I know everything is
messed up, and that's my fault.
I just remember how much we
all enjoy celebrating together.
Remember?
Dad would be [chuckles]
decorating the tree,
and Uncle Joe would
be hanging ornaments.
Mom and Aunt Rhonda would
make those amazing cookies.
Uncle Joe would be
playing Christmas music.
I know things can never
be the same as they were
since Uncle Joe died,
but that's all the more
reason for us to celebrate.
- I do miss all of
us being together.
- Me, too. I really
missed you guys.
- Yeah, I know how
important family is,
and we shouldn't
take it for granted.
John doesn't really
celebrate Christmas,
so I wanted to show him
how amazing it can be.
- Is that true?
- Unfortunately, yes.
I don't really have much family.
- You know, I think Joe would
want us to come together.
- Me, too.
- So we're doing it? We're
celebrating Christmas?
- Well, we're doing it.
[all laughing]
- [Rhonda] Yes!
- [Holly] Yes!
- Oh, it's almost midnight!
- What happens at midnight?
- You'll see.
- Oh, yeah, John. You'll see.
Oh, listen, I got a
question for you, John.
What direction is
best for fishing?
- Hmm, Miss Joy,
I heard you doing that
little beat earlier.
- I got you.
- Okay. All right.
[Joy beatboxing]
♪ Wind from the east,
fish bite the least ♪
♪ Wind from the west,
fish bite the best ♪
♪ Wind from the north,
few sailors set forth ♪
♪ Wind from the south
blows bait in their mouth ♪
[all cheering]
- [Nick] Merry Christmas, baby!
[all laughing]
- [Rhonda] Yes!
- All right.
Oh, you fixed my, my
ornament, you fixed it.
- Yes.
- Oh, thank you, honey.
- You're welcome. I know
how important it was to you.
[Nick laughs]
- Where was this picture
taken of you and Uncle Joe?
- You know, I think you
were about five years old,
and that was the first year
of our lighting tradition,
and we took that picture.
That's why it's my favorite.
- Oh.
- Holly, which one
is your favorite?
- This one is my
favorite! [squeals]
Oh my goodness!
This was the Christmas I found
out there was no Santa Claus,
and I was devastated.
[all laughing]
- Cried for two days.
- Okay, but Uncle
Joe reminded me
that there was
magic in Christmas,
all I had to do was believe.
- Okay, well, it's finally
time for Christmas carols.
- All right, okay. All right.
- Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh. I
have one more match to make.
- [squeals] Honey, what
are you doing here?
- Mom and I called
him and told him
that he should come
and be with family.
- Oh, thank you.
- It's so nice to
have you, David.
And we're just about to
sing Christmas carols.
- Oh, that's right.
- Is everybody ready?
- [All] Yes!
- Wait, ready for what?
- You'll see.
All right, here we go.
- [All] One, two, three!
Merry Christmas!
[upbeat music]
- Now, I've never been one
to kiss on the first date,
and I don't have too
many rules about kissing.
But if all is going
well, hey, go for it.
John, you have always
been here for me,
and I just couldn't see it.
I was so afraid of being hurt,
so I pushed you away
every chance I could.
But you never left. You've
been here all along.
[mellow music]
[Holly giggles]
Here we are together once again,
and it feels just
like old times.
With a new addition.
[mellow music]
[tinkling music]
I did it!
I matched my family back
together, and it was not easy.
One of the hardest matches
I've ever had to do.
♪ Ooh
♪ Yeah
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ All the lights
around the tree ♪
♪ Never meant so much to me
♪ Everyone wrapped
up in a smile ♪
♪ Hasn't felt this
good in a while ♪
♪ It's Christmas, hey
♪ Everything's shining
bright on Christmas ♪
♪ Oh
♪ Everything is
gonna be all right ♪
♪ Decorations everywhere
♪ Can't believe
this moment's here ♪
♪ I can feel all the
love in the room ♪
♪ Every time I look at you
♪ It's Christmas, yeah
♪ Shining bright on Christmas
♪ Oh
♪ Everything's
gonna be all right ♪
♪ Yeah
♪ Gonna be all right
♪ Oh
♪ It's Christmas
♪ Oh, Christmas
♪ Na, na, na
♪ All the lights
around the tree ♪
♪ Never meant so much to me
♪ Everyone wrapped
up in a smile ♪
♪ Haven't felt this
good in a while ♪
♪ It's Christmas
♪ Everything is shining
bright on Christmas ♪
♪ Oh, oh
♪ Everything's
gonna be all right ♪
♪ It's Christmas
♪ Oh
♪ Everything's gonna be
all right, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh
♪ All is gonna be all right